Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Hello. hello. Please show your tickets.
- Eunice?! From the music video?
- That's me!
I'm your number one "Eunit."
Really? Thank you!
I can get you and your friends
through the VIP entrance.
Really?
Thank you! Find me later
and let's take a picture together!
Thank you!
You said it wasn't scary!
Sorry.
I'm sorry.
Don't take my picture!
I said stop!
Checking your grades again?
Why were you so worried?
You've never gotten less than an A.
If I get even one bad grade.
there’s a chance that I won’t get
into Seoul National University.
I know that's the path
you have always talked about.
but you have more options now.
I used to think I'd always be a VIP.
Honestly. today while we were out.
you showed me
there's more than one way to live.
Both of our lives are different now.
So. what's wrong?
Min Ho…
I…
I think I'm pregnant.
Paris…
that night.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org